# Shopping-Mall-Site-Selection-using-Machine-Learning
The Domain of this Project is Retail. In this project we have concentrated mainly on the Shopping Malls to narrow down the scope of the project. With increase in the population, demands are also increasing. As demands are unlimited, and demands become habits and customs, this is the reason a huge number of opportunities in the market for businesses are being created on daily basis. This leads to an intense competition. So, businessmen need to consider many different factors to compete the competitors surrounding them. The factors such as locality, demography, population and many more are needed to be bought into consideration while starting a new business as they highly affect to the growth of a particular business. Among all other factors mentioned above, location plays a very crucial role within the business. Selection of a site should be based on a systematic approach. As these are the building blocks of a business on basis which the future of that business totally depends. According to our survey many people did research on this topic of appropriate site selection for a store, and different people considered many different factors as mentioned above and used various regression techniques, algorithms and neural networks to get optimal results. This project presents a method to solve the issue of appropriate site selection for a store, considering neighbourhood as a major factor as location decision relates to the entire physical structure of that particular outlet. As we get an idea from the neighbourhoods that what are the existing businesses running in that particular locality.
